You two know each other, that's great, sorry, Master Guy
I don't have time to help you with the kids
Why don't you let him go?
Don't you just take care of your Tang Dynasty lawyer by bringing someone to you?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Did you just graduate?
My name is Zhang Boran
Southwest University of Political Science and Law can't be my assistant undergraduate
I will continue to take the postgraduate entrance examination.
Let's talk about it after passing the exam.
Lawyer Eita
Lawyer Tang, Lawyer Tang, is Lawyer Tang so awesome?
Leaders have to look at his face, fight 10 lawsuits and win 9
I heard you're going to be a senior partner
I'm afraid it's not good for Lawyer Tang to refuse directly, right?
It is the meaning of the seniors. When can we enter Kinmen by relationship?
He's a recent college graduate. What do I need him for?
Let him make me tea and coffee, and let him drive my bag?
Can I ask him to investigate the client's social connections and let him reflect on the material?
Director Guy, my case is already giving me a headache
I didn't have a manager to take care of him.
Hey, are you going to piss me off? What do you mean by that?
I just raised a Bai Xiaotong, and you stuffed me with a new one.
Hey, why don't you give me a training class?
Otherwise, I will not go to court in the future
I specialize in logistics
Can I be your mother?